# GCD_Project
The class project for the 'Getting and Cleaning Data' class.

## Class Project Assignment

The purpose of this project is to demonstrate your ability to collect, work with, and clean a data set. The goal is to prepare tidy data that can be used for later analysis. You will be graded by your peers on a series of yes/no questions related to the project. You will be required to submit: 1) a tidy data set as described below, 2) a link to a Github repository with your script for performing the analysis, and 3) a code book that describes the variables, the data, and any transformations or work that you performed to clean up the data called CodeBook.md. You should also include a README.md in the repo with your scripts. This repo explains how all of the scripts work and how they are connected. 

## The Script (and what it does)

The *run_analysis.R* script found here processes some data collected from the accelerometers from the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone. The data is found at the UCI.edu website and is downloaded by the script if the script does not find the expected *data* directory that will store the zip file (and extracted data files) for processing. At the same time, the script also creates an *output* directory to store the resulting text files that store the output generated by this script.

There is only the one script file as the associated functions are defined at the beginning of the script prior to the executed workflow in the second half of the script. A future ToDo item may be created to separate the two functions into a separate (or multiple) file(s), but at this point since they are integral to the execution of this script, they are being left in the original script for the time being.
